Dog Licking System
9,000 trillion
no
I'm not dead
Is it a dream?
The dog licking system has been activated
The host will receive 900 trillion dog money
90 million pages
Licking dog semen is not the host's private property
Can only be used for the consumption of goddesses who kneel down and lick
It's a rip off that I'm still being forced to pay so much money
Tengu can only give flowers to women
What use do I have for you?
Strategy Goddess Agent
Spending on the goddess can be rebated 10 times
10x cashback
How much do you spend on a goddess?
Finally, you can earn 10 times more.
Haha these gold diggers
I want you all to become my licking dogs
Yes, help me to go to the carnival
Thank you
ah